add docs for pvc supporting (#468)
kubeflow/kfserving: python/kfserving/README.md

    * Absolute path: `/absolute/path` or `file:///absolute/path`
    * Relative path: `relative/path` or `file://relative/path`
    * For local filesystem, we recommended to use relative path without any prefix.

> * Persistent Volume Claims with the format "pvc://{$pvcname}/[path]".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Persistent Volume Claim with the format "pvc://{$pvcname}/[path]".
```

>     * The `pvcname` is the name of Persistent Volume Claims that storages models.

Reviewer 2: s/Claims/Claim
s/storages/stores

Reviewer 2: On second, thought:
The `pvcname` is the name of the Persistent Volume Claim that contains the model.

>     * The `[path]` is the relative path on the Persistent Volume Claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The `[path]` is the relative path to the model on the Persistent Volume Claim.
```

>     * For e.g. `pvc://mypvcname/model/path/on/pvc`

Reviewer: would be great to add an example that actually showed how to use this... ie
1. have a sample PV, PVC
2. write a model to the PVC
3. use the model by referencing the PVC

Author: Done, please review, thanks.
